# [← Home ](../README.md) / [Documentation](./README.md) / FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)

Quickly resolve queries and troubleshoot common issues with our comprehensive FAQ section. Whether you're encountering technical challenges, seeking clarification on project features, or exploring best practices, this resource offers clear explanations and practical solutions to streamline your experience with the project.

# Possible Issues

The following are some common issues that users may face when running

## Error docker compose is not installed

Ensure that Docker Compose is installed on your system.

## Error docker-compose could not be found

If you get the following error, that means your Docker is probably not running.

`The command 'docker-compose' could not be found in this WSL 2 distro.`

## Error image pull failed

If the image pull fails, try running the `docker-compose pull` command again. Another issue could be you are not properly logged in.

## Error getting credentials

If you encounter errors like the one below, please try again. It's likely due to a WSL connection issue. If the problem persists, ensure that you are logged in with Docker.

`
[digital-twin-services internal] load metadata for docker.io/library/node:20-alpine:
failed to solve: node:20-alpine: error getting credentials - err: exit status 1, out`

## Error missing dependencies

Make sure that you have installed all the required libraries and tools.

## Error authentication failure

Double-check your credentials when logging in to the GitLab registry.

## Error port conflict

If another service is already using the port specified in the `docker-compose.yml` file, you will need to change the port or stop the conflicting service.
Conflicts are usually on port 80 or 3101.

## Error while configuring solution

If you get an error that directories cannot be created then probably those folders are locked with Docker or the folder does not have enough permissions. Try to stop Docker and give the project folder permissions. Then try again and if it works, start Docker again.

`EEXIST: file already exists, mkdir '...'`

## Docker Containers can not be stopped or removed - permission denied Error.

Try `sudo aa-remove-unknown` and repeat the steps again.

## Error: "Couldnt download ..."

This next error means you have some issues with your connectivity to the internet. It can also happen that mongodb website is down. Try again later.

`"Couldnt download "https://fastdl.mongodb.org/linux/mongodb-linux-x86_64-ubuntu1804-4.2.8.tgz"! getaddrinfo EAI_AGAIN fastdl.mongodb.org"`

## Error when executing yarn

If you get an error like the one below:

```
unable to verify the first certificate
at Error (native)
at TLSSocket.<anonymous> (_tls_wrap.js:1055:38)
at emitNone (events.js:86:13)
at TLSSocket.emit (events.js:185:7)
at TLSSocket._finishInit (_tls_wrap.js:580:8)
at TLSWrap.ssl.onhandshakedone (_tls_wrap.js:412:38)
```

This means that more than likely you're behind a corporate proxy that uses a self signed certificate.
You can fix this by providing the public certificate to the yarn configuration like so:

`yarn config set cafile <path-to-certificate.pem>`

If you don't have a certificate or the certificate is unable to be verified, you can open set strict-ssl to false. You should be able to configure this by running:

`yarn config set "strict-ssl" false -g`

As an alternative you can navigate to `C:\Users\\` and open .yarnrc and manually update it as follows:

```
# THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE DIRECTLY.
# yarn lockfile v1
strict-ssl false
```
